Add next-mysql example (#344)
zeit/now-examples: nextjs-mysql/README.md

# Next.js + MySQL Example

> This directory is an example of a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) app connected to a [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/) database using the [@now/next](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/next-js-now-next/) and [@now/node](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/node-js-now-node/) builders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory is an example of a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) app connected to a [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/) database using the [@now/next](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/next-js-now-next/) and [@now/node](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/node-js-now-node/) Builders.
```

Reviewer: We should capitalize Builders

Author: Changed and added link to docs.

## Directory Contents

This example consists of three directories:

- `/api` - which contains the serverless [lambda](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/concepts/lambdas/) functions to be deployed inside `/profiles`
- `/lib` - which is where the database connection helper is stored
- `/pages` - where the data received is displayed by [Next.js](https://nextjs.org)

The example includes a `now.json` file, used to configure your build when [deploying](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/basics/) to Now, and a `.nowignore` file, used to [prevent uploading unnecessary source paths](https://zeit.co/guides/prevent-uploading-sourcepaths-with-nowignore/) to Now, keeping deployment times short.

Also included is a `db.sql` file, which has the example data and SQL commands, this can be used to replicate this example.

Lastly, the `next.config.js` is used to tell [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) that we are targeting a serverless environment.

## How Serverless MySQL Works

> Serverless functions create multiple database connections for each user and can use up all available connections quickly, blocking access for others. This example resolves this issue by utilizing [Jeremy Daly's](http://www.jeremydaly.com) MySQL wrapper - [serverless-mysql](https://github.com/jeremydaly/serverless-mysql).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless functions will create multiple database connections as traffic increases and therefore all available connections can be consumed quickly, blocking access for others. This example resolves this issue by utilizing [Jeremy Daly's](http://www.jeremydaly.com) MySQL wrapper - [serverless-mysql](https://github.com/jeremydaly/serverless-mysql).
```

It's not true that each user gets their own connection. One user might have 2 devices or two users might not click concurrently therefore the connection is reused.

The wrapper provides basic but important functionality that allows connections to be monitored, limited, retried and closed. This is vital for making serverless MySQL work and is explored further in `db.js` below:

```js

> const mysql = require("serverless-mysql");

Reviewer: Change your double quotes to single quotes

const db = mysql({
  config: {
    host: process.env.MYSQL_HOST,
    database: process.env.MYSQL_DATABASE,
    user: process.env.MYSQL_USER,
    password: process.env.MYSQL_PASSWORD
  }
});

exports.query = async query => {
  try {
    const results = await db.query(query);
    await db.end();
    return results;
  } catch (error) {
    return { error };
  }
};
```

`db.js` performs the following actions:

- Requires the `serverless-mysql` package
- Creates a connection to the database using pre-defined [environment variables](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/environment-variables-and-secrets/)
- Exports a query helper that enforces the `db.end()` method

The most important part, in the serverless context, is `db.end()`.

By using `await db.end()`, `serverless-mysql` ensures the connection is closed before sending the response to the client.

As a result, it ensures that concurrent MySQL connections do not reach their limit, allowing new connections to be created when required.

Next, let's look at `/api/profiles/profile.js` to see what a serverless MySQL query looks like:

```js
const db = require("../../lib/db");
const sql = require("sql-template-strings");

> const url = require("url");

Reviewer: Change your double quotes to single quotes
